greetings guitarists Ian hickton from
Eurogamer here ready to rock your socks
off with a look at Rocksmith 2014 for
the Xbox one and ps4 now if the title of
this video was I want to learn to play
guitar should I buy Rocksmith 2014 for
my xbox one stroke ps4 then my answer
would be a resounding yes I think it's a
wonderful product especially for
complete beginners and it's packed to
the brim with handy tools which provide
a genuinely fun way to practice and home
skills that in normal circumstances can
be a bit of a chore to master so yes yes
you should definitely pick it up on the
Xbox one or ps4 and give it a go if
you've never tried it before and need
that extra push on your journey to
becoming a master Strummer but if you
want to know whether or not to upgrade
from the previous last generation
release the answer may not be as simple
first up you'll be wanting to know
what's new and the answer to that is
almost nothing both versions now output
1080p graphics which according to a
boast on ubisoft's blog page will help
you play better by offering better
clarity and visual quality it may be the
case of the graphics look a bit sharper
now if you really were super paying
attention and looking through a
magnifying glass but remember this is a
game about colored blocks traveling
along the fretboard of a virtual guitar
there wasn't really that much graphical
detail to begin with you won't notice
any difference in quality because it's
infinitesimally to the eye and it
certainly won't improve your playing at
least it didn't mine the ps4 version
boasts remote play which I didn't get to
demo as I only have the Xbox one version
however you can see in action here in
this vine from Dan and rich it basically
means you can practice your skills
wherever you want but because you won't
have your guitar plugged into your
console via the real tone USB cable you
won't be scored and your progress will
not be tracked and that's about it for
differences you'll also be able to
livestream your performances via the new
consoles built in twitch apps of course
but according to Ubisoft it only works
as long as you stick to streaming the
session mode and not the
licensed tracks I tried testing mine out
but couldn't get it to work even though
other games would stream FAFSA it's
because it wasn't technically released
in the UK when I tried and because of
this twitch has it on lockdown but to be
honest it's probably for the best with
my crappy playing I'd almost certainly
lose all my followers and that's about
it for differences between console
generations over on the Xbox one we also
get the same handy Kinect voice commands
which were present on the 360 version
using these really does save the hassle
of messing around with your controller
in between songs so no more knocking
coffee off my table with the neck of my
guitar as I reach for the controller
which is ace because I have a green
carpet with the Xbox one and ps4
versions you'll have access to
everything from the previous gen
versions including the full lineup of
lessons and the fun mini games from the
guitarcade you'll also be able to
redownload any previously purchased dlc
tracks at no extra cost although only
from the same console family so if you
bought DLC on the ps3 but now owned an
Xbox one you're out of luck you'll only
be able to reclaim those tracks if you
have a ps4 and vice versa
the biggest disappointment for me though
is that you can't transfer your progress
across console generations and will need
to start everything from scratch
hopefully it'll be a bit easier this
time around as you'll already have built
up some skills but going through the
motions at the start can be more than a
bit tedious so then should you upgrade
to the Xbox one or ps4 versions if you
already own Rocksmith 2014 on the
previous gen well it all comes down to
personal preference and space management
I guess if you are desperate to keep
learning and want to pack away your
older consoles to save room in your
house then I'd say it's just about worth
the upgrade but if you have a nice big
games room with space for both older and
newer consoles to sit side-by-side I
really can't see the value in buying the
same game twice especially as you'll
have to pay full price a digital
download with a
per cost for previous owners who were
upgrading would have been music to my
ears
but sadly on the discount service like
that Ubisoft of hit a bum note because
guitar puns thanks for watching one and
all I hope you found this video useful
if you did please give it a thumbs up
and maybe subscribe to this channel for
more of the same and more stuff that's
not the same rock on